Add operations and schedule sections (#5809)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/reference/workloads/operations.md

---
layout: default

> title: operations

Author: Right now, both pages are using a similar convention to Data Prepper where the reference page titles match how it appears in the code. The `indices` and `corpora` pages use the same convention.

parent: Workload reference
grand_parent: OpenSearch Benchmark Reference
nav_order: 110
---

# operations

The `operations` element contains a list of all available operations for specifying a schedule.

## bulk

The `bulk` operation type allows for running [bulk](/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/) requests as a task. 

### Usage

The following example shows a `bulk` operation type with a `bulk-size` of `5000` documents.

```yml
{
  "name": "index-append",
  "operation-type": "bulk",
  "bulk-size": 5000
}
```

### Split documents among clients

> With multiple `clients`, OpenSearch Benchmark splits each document based on the number of clients set. Multiple `clients` parallelizes the bulk index operations, but doesn't preserve the ingestion order of each document. For example, if `clients` is set to `2`, one client indexes the document starting from the beginning, while the other indexes starting from the middle.

Author: They do.

### Options

Use the following options to customize the `bulk` operation.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`bulk-size` | Yes | Number | Sets the number of documents ingested in the bulk request.
`ingest-percentage` | No | Range [0, 100] | Defines the portion of the document corpus to be indexed. Valid values are a range between 0 and 100.
`corpora` | No | List | Defines which document corpus names should be targeted by the bulk operation. Only needed if the `corpora` section contains more than one document corpus and you don’t want to index all of them during the bulk request.
`indices` | No | List | Defines which indexes should be used in the bulk index operation. OpenSearch Benchmark only selects document files that have a matching `target-index`.
`batch-size` | No | Number | Defines how many documents OpenSearch Benchmark reads simultaneously. This is an expert setting and only meant to avoid accidental bottlenecks for very small bulk sizes. If you want to benchmark with a `bulk-size` of `1`, you should set `batch-size` higher.
`pipeline` | No | String | Defines which existing ingest pipeline to use.

> `conflicts` | No | String | Defines the type of index `conflicts` to simulate. If not specified, none are simulated. Valid values are ‘sequential’, in which a document ID is replaced with a sequentially increasing ID, and ‘random’, in which a document ID is replaced with a random document ID.

Author: Yes. They are the strings used in the configuration option.

`timeout` | No | Duration | Defines the time period (in minutes) that OpenSearch waits per action until completing the processing of the following operations: automatic index creation, dynamic mapping updates, and waiting for active shards. Default is `1m`.
`refresh` | No | String | Controls OpenSearch's refresh behavior for bulk requests that use the `refresh` bulk API query parameter. Valid values are `true`, in which OpenSearch refreshes target shards in the background; `wait_for`, in which OpenSearch blocks bulk requests until affected shards have been refreshed; and `false`, in which OpenSearch uses the default refresh behavior. 

### Metadata

The `bulk` operation always returns the following metadata:

- `index`: The name of the affected index. If an index cannot be derived, it returns `null`.
- `weight`: An operation-agnostic representation of the bulk size denoted by `units`.
- `unit`: The unit in which to interpret `weight`.

> - `success`: A Boolean indicating whether the `bulk` request succeeded.

Author: I'm using Boolean as a noun in this context, since that the metadata returns either `true` or `false` as a data type.

### Usage

The following example creates all indexes defined in the `indices` section of the workload. It uses all of the index settings defined in the workload but overrides the number of shards:

```yml
{
  "name": "create-all-indices",
  "operation-type": "create-index",
  "settings": {
    "index.number_of_shards": 1
  },
  "request-params": {
    "wait_for_active_shards": "true"
  }
}
```

The following example creates a new index with all index settings specified in the operation body:

```yml
{
  "name": "create-an-index",
  "operation-type": "create-index",
  "index": "people",
  "body": {
    "settings": {
      "index.number_of_shards": 0
    },
    "mappings": {
      "docs": {
        "properties": {
          "name": {
            "type": "text"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Options

Use the following options when creating all indexes from the `indices` section of a workload.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`settings` | No | Array |  Specifies additional index settings to be merged with the index settings specified in `indices` section of the workload.

> `request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

Author: Should probably be this:

```suggestion
`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them in their current state. 
```

> `request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

Author: Let me know if that works for you @natebower

> `request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

Reviewer: Works for me @Naarcha-AWS

Use the following options when creating a single index in the operation.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`index` | Yes | String | The index name.
`body` | No | Request body | The request body for the Create Index API. For more information, see [Create Index API](/api-reference/index-apis/create-index/)
`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

### Metadata

The `create-index` operation returns the following metadata:

`weight`: The number of indexes created by the operation.
`unit`: Always `ops`, for the number of operations inside the workload.

> `success`: A Boolean indicating whether the operation has succeeded.

Author: See my previous comment on using Boolean as a noun.

## delete-index

The `delete-index` operation runs the [Delete Index API](api-reference/index-apis/delete-index/). Like the [`create-index`](#create-index) operation, you can delete all indexes found in the `indices` section of the workload or delete one or more indexes based on the string passed in the `index` setting.

### Usage

The following example deletes all indexes found in `indices` section of the workload:

```yml
{
  "name": "delete-all-indices",
  "operation-type": "delete-index"
}
```

The following example deletes all `logs_*` indexes:

```yml
{
  "name": "delete-logs",
  "operation-type": "delete-index",
  "index": "logs-*",
  "only-if-exists": false,
  "request-params": {
    "expand_wildcards": "all",
    "allow_no_indices": "true",
    "ignore_unavailable": "true"
  }
}
```

### Options

Use the following options when deleting all indexes indicated in the `indices` section of the workload.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> `only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should be deleted only if the index exists. Default is `true`.

Author: This is an odd one because the setting itself is almost unnecessary. You wouldn't be able to delete something if it hadn't existed previously. 

```suggestion
`only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should be deleted when the index exists. Default is `true`.
```

> `only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should be deleted only if the index exists. Default is `true`.

Author: Does that help? Open to suggestions on this one.

> `only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should be deleted only if the index exists. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: "Decides whether an existing index should be deleted"?

`detailed-results` | No | Boolean | Records more detailed metadata about queries. When set to `true`, additional overhead may be incurred, which can skew measurement results. The option does not work with `scroll` queries.
`results-per-page` | No | Integer | Specifies the number of documents to retrieve per page. This maps to the Search API `size` parameter and can be used for scroll and non-scroll searches. Default is 10.

### Metadata

The following metadata is always returned:
- `weight`:  The “weight” of an operation. Always `1` for regular queries and the number of retrieved pages for scroll queries.
- `unit`: The unit in which to interpret weight. Always “ops” for regular queries and “pages” for scroll queries.
- `success`: A Boolean indicating whether the query has succeeded.

If `detailed-results` is set to `true`, the following metadata is also returned:
- `hits`: The total number of hits for this query.
- `hits_relation`: whether hits is accurate (eq) or a lower bound of the actual hit count (gte).
- `timed_out`: Whether the query has timed out. For scroll queries, this flag is true if the flag was true for any of the queries issued.

>  - `took`: The value of the `took` property in the query response. For scroll queries, the value is the sum of all `took` values in the query responses.

Author: Should be all query responses.

---
layout: default
title: operations
parent: Workload reference
grand_parent: OpenSearch Benchmark Reference
nav_order: 110
---

> # operations

Author: This is meant to match how it appears in the code.

The `operations` element contains a list of all operations that are available when specifying a schedule.

## bulk

The `bulk` operation type allows you run [bulk](/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/) requests as a task. 

### Usage

The following example shows a `bulk` operations with a `bulk-size` of 5000 documents.

```yml
{
  "name": "index-append",
  "operation-type": "bulk",
  "bulk-size": 5000
}
```

### Split documents among clients

With multiple `clients`, OpenSearch Benchmark splits each document based on the number of clients set. This ensures that the bulk index operations are efficiently parallelized but has the drawback that the ingestion is not done in the order of each document. For example, if `clients` is set to `2`, one client indexes the document starting from the beginning, while the other indexes starting from the middle.

Additionally, if there are multiple documents or corpora, OpenSearch Benchmark tries to index all documents in parallel in two ways:

> 1. Each client starts at a different point in the corpus. For example, in a track with 2 corpora and 5 clients, clients 1, 3, and 5 begin with the first corpus, whereas clients 2 and 4 start with the second corpus.

Reviewer 2: `track` -> `workload`

> 1. Each client starts at a different point in the corpus. For example, in a track with 2 corpora and 5 clients, clients 1, 3, and 5 begin with the first corpus, whereas clients 2 and 4 start with the second corpus.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Each client starts at a different point in the corpus. For example, in a workload with 2 corpora and 5 clients, clients 1, 3, and 5 begin with the first corpus, whereas clients 2 and 4 start with the second corpus.
```

2. Each client is assigned to multiple documents. Client 1 starts with the first split of the first document of the first corpus. Then it will move on to the first split of the first document of the second corpus, and so on.

### Options

Use the following options to customize the bulk operation.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> `bulk-size` | Yes | Number | Sets the number of documents ingested in the bulk requested.

Author: No.

`ingest-percentage` No | Range [0, 100] | Defines using a number between [0, 100], how much of document corpus will be indexed.
`corpora` | No | List | A list of document corpus names that should be targeted by the bulk operation. Only needed if the `corpora` section contains more than one document corpus and you don’t want to index all of them during the bulk request.
`indices` | No | List | A list of index names that defines which indexes should be used in the bulk index operation. OpenSearch Benchmark will only select document files that have a matching `target-index`.
`batch-size` | No | Number | Defines how many documents OpenSearch Benchmark reads at once. This is an expert setting and only meant to avoid accidental bottlenecks for very small bulk sizes. If you want to benchmark with a bulk-size of 1, you should set batch-size higher.
`pipeline` | No | String | Defines the name of an existing ingest pipeline that should be used.

> `conflicts` | No | String | The type of index conflicts to simulate. If not specified, no conflicts will be simulated. Valid values are ‘sequential’, a document ID is replaced with with a sequentially increasing ID, and ‘random’, where a document ID is replaced with a random document ID.

Author: ```suggestion
`conflicts` | No | String | The type of index conflicts to simulate. If not specified, no conflicts will be simulated. Valid values are ‘sequential’, a document ID is replaced with a sequentially increasing ID, and ‘random’, where a document ID is replaced with a random document ID.
```

- `error-count`: The number of failed bulk items for this request.
- `took`: The value of the `took` property in the bulk response.

If `detailed-results` is `true` the following meta-data is also returned:

- `ops`: A nested document with the operation name as key, such as `index`, `update`, or `delete` and various counts as values. `item-count` contains the total number of items for this key. Additionally, OpenSearch Benchmark returns a separate counter for each result, for example, a result for the number of created items or the number of deleted items.
- `shards_histogram`: An array of hashes where each hash has two keys: `item-count` which contains the number of items to which a shard distribution applies, and `shards` contains another hash with the actual distribution of `total`, `successful`, and `failed` shards.
- `bulk-request-size-bytes`: The total size of the bulk requests body in bytes.
- `total-document-size-bytes`: The total size of all documents within the bulk request body in bytes.

> ## create-index

Author: This is meant to match how it appears in the code.

### Options

Use the following options when creating all indexes from the `indices` section of a workload.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`settings` | No | Array |  Specifies additional index settings to be merged with the index settings specified in `indices` section of the workload.
`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark will not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

Use the following options when creating a single index in the operation.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`index` | Yes | String | The name of the index.
`body` | No | Request body | The request body for the Create Index API. For more information, see [Create Index API](/api-reference/index-apis/create-index/)
`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark will not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

### Meta-data

The `create-index` operation returns the following meta-data:

`weight`: The number of indexes created by the operation.

> `unit`: Always “ops”.

Author: ```suggestion
`unit`: Always `ops`, for the number of operations inside the workload.
```

`success`: A Boolean indicating whether the operation has succeeded.

> ## delete-index

Author: This is meant to match how it appears in the code.

The `delete-index` runs the [Delete Index API](api-reference/index-apis/delete-index/). Like the [`create-index`](#create-index) operation, you can delete all indexes found in the `indices` section of the workload or you can delete one or more indexes based on string passed in the `index` setting.

### Usage

The following example deletes all indexes found in `indices` section of the workload:

```yml
{
  "name": "delete-all-indices",
  "operation-type": "delete-index"
}
```

The following example deletes all `logs_*` indexes:

```yml
{
  "name": "delete-logs",
  "operation-type": "delete-index",
  "index": "logs-*",
  "only-if-exists": false,
  "request-params": {
    "expand_wildcards": "all",
    "allow_no_indices": "true",
    "ignore_unavailable": "true"
  }
}
```

### Options

Use the following options when deleting all indexes indicated in the `indices` section of the workload.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> `only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should only be deleted in the index exists. Default is `true`.

Reviewer 2: `in the index` -> `if the index`

> `only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should only be deleted in the index exists. Default is `true`.

Author: ```suggestion
`only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should only be deleted if the index exists. Default is `true`.
```

`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark will not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

Use the following options if you want to delete one or more indexes based on pattern indicated in the `index` option:

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`index` | Yes | String | The name of the index or indexes you want to delete. 

> `only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should only be deleted in the index exists. Default is `true`.

Reviewer 2: `in the index` -> `if the index`

> `only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should only be deleted in the index exists. Default is `true`.

Author: ```suggestion
`only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should only be deleted if the index exists. Default is `true`.
```

`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark will not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

### Meta-data

The `delete-index` operation returns the following meta-data.

`weight`: The number of indexes created by the operation.
`unit`: Always “ops”.
`success`: A Boolean indicating whether the operation has succeeded.

## cluster-health

> The `cluster-health` operation runs the [Cluster Health API](api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-health/), which checks the cluster health status returns the expected status according the parameters set in the `request-params` option. If an unexpected cluster health status is returned, the operation reports a failure. You can use the `--on-error` option in the OpenSearch Benchmark `execute-test` command to control how OpenSearch Benchmark behaves when an the health check fails.

Reviewer 2: `checks the cluster health status returns the expected` -> `checks the cluster health status and returns the expected`

> The `cluster-health` operation runs the [Cluster Health API](api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-health/), which checks the cluster health status returns the expected status according the parameters set in the `request-params` option. If an unexpected cluster health status is returned, the operation reports a failure. You can use the `--on-error` option in the OpenSearch Benchmark `execute-test` command to control how OpenSearch Benchmark behaves when an the health check fails.

Author: ```suggestion
The `cluster-health` operation runs the [Cluster Health API](api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-health/), which checks the cluster health status and returns the expected status according the parameters set in the `request-params` option. If an unexpected cluster health status is returned, the operation reports a failure. You can use the `--on-error` option in the OpenSearch Benchmark `execute-test` command to control how OpenSearch Benchmark behaves when an the health check fails.
```

  },
  "retry-until-success": true
}

```

### Options

Use the following options with the `cluster-health` operation.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`index` | Yes | String | The name of the index or indexes you want to delete. 
`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Cluster Health API. OpenSearch Benchmark will not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

### Meta-data

The `cluster-health` operation returns the following meta-data.

- `weight`: Always 1.
- `unit`: Always “ops”.
- `success`: A Boolean which indicates whether the operation has succeeded.
- `cluster-status`: Current cluster status.
- `relocating-shards`: The number of shards currently relocating to a different node.

## refresh

The `refresh` operations runs the Refresh API. This `operation` returns no meta-data.

### Usage

The following example refreshes all `logs-*` indexes:

```yml
{
 "name": "refresh",
 "operation-type": "refresh",
 "index": "logs-*"
}
```

### Options

The `refresh` operation uses the following options.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> `index` | No | String | The name of the index(es) or data streams to refresh.

Author: There can be multiple indexes or data streams, adjusting your suggestion.

`results-per-page` | No | Integer | The number of documents to retrieve per page. This maps to the Search API’s `size` parameter, and can be used for scroll and non-scroll searches. Default is 10.

### Meta-data

The following meta-data is always returned:
- `weight`:  The “weight” of an operation. Always `1` for regular queries and the number of retrieved pages for scroll queries.
- `unit`: The unit in which to interpret weight. Always “ops” for regular queries and “pages” for scroll queries.
- `success`: A Boolean indicating whether the query has succeeded.

If `detailed-results` is set to `true`, the following meta-data is also returned:
- `hits`: The total number of hits for this query.
- `hits_relation`: whether hits is accurate (eq) or a lower bound of the actual hit count (gte).
- `timed_out`: Whether the query has timed out. For scroll queries, this flag is true if the flag was true for any of the queries issued.

>     took: Value of the the took property in the query response. For scroll queries, this value is the sum of all took values in query responses.

Reviewer 2: We should enwrap took as `took`

>     took: Value of the the took property in the query response. For scroll queries, this value is the sum of all took values in query responses.

Author: ```suggestion
 - `took`: The value of the the `took` property in the query response. For scroll queries, this value is the sum of all took values in query responses.
```

```yml
{
  "name": "create-an-index",
  "operation-type": "create-index",
  "index": "people",
  "body": {
    "settings": {
      "index.number_of_shards": 0
    },
    "mappings": {
      "docs": {
        "properties": {
          "name": {
            "type": "text"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Configuration options

Use the following options when creating all indexes from the `indices` section of a workload.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`settings` | No | Array |  Specifies additional index settings to be merged with the index settings specified in `indices` section of the workload.
`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

Use the following options when creating a single index in the operation.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`index` | Yes | String | The index name.
`body` | No | Request body | The request body for the Create Index API. For more information, see [Create Index API](/api-reference/index-apis/create-index/)

> `request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

Author: ```suggestion
`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and passes them in their current state. 
```

`success`: A Boolean indicating whether the operation has succeeded.

## delete-index

The `delete-index` operation runs the [Delete Index API](api-reference/index-apis/delete-index/). Like the [`create-index`](#create-index) operation, you can delete all indexes found in the `indices` section of the workload or delete one or more indexes based on the string passed in the `index` setting.

### Usage

The following example deletes all indexes found in `indices` section of the workload:

```yml
{
  "name": "delete-all-indices",
  "operation-type": "delete-index"
}
```

The following example deletes all `logs_*` indexes:

```yml
{
  "name": "delete-logs",
  "operation-type": "delete-index",
  "index": "logs-*",
  "only-if-exists": false,
  "request-params": {
    "expand_wildcards": "all",
    "allow_no_indices": "true",
    "ignore_unavailable": "true"
  }
}
```

### Configuration options

Use the following options when deleting all indexes indicated in the `indices` section of the workload.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should be deleted only if the index exists. Default is `true`.

> `request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

Author: ```suggestion
`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and passes them in their current state. 
```

Use the following options if you want to delete one or more indexes based on the pattern indicated in the `index` option:

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`index` | Yes | String | The index or indexes you want to delete. 

> `only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should be deleted only if the index exists. Default is `true`.

Author: ```suggestion
`only-if-exists` | No | Boolean | Decides whether an index should be deleted when the index exists. Default is `true`.
```

> `request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

Author: ```suggestion
`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Create Index API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and passes them in their current state. 
```

`success`: A Boolean indicating whether the operation has succeeded.

## cluster-health

The `cluster-health` operation runs the [Cluster Health API](api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-health/), which checks the cluster health status and returns the expected status according the parameters set for `request-params`. If an unexpected cluster health status is returned, the operation reports a failure. You can use the `--on-error` option in the OpenSearch Benchmark `execute-test` command to control how OpenSearch Benchmark behaves when the health check fails.

### Usage

The following example creates a `cluster-health` operation that checks for a `green` health status on the any `log-*` indexes:

```yml
{
  "name": "check-cluster-green",
  "operation-type": "cluster-health",
  "index": "logs-*",
  "request-params": {
    "wait_for_status": "green",
    "wait_for_no_relocating_shards": "true"
  },
  "retry-until-success": true
}

```

### Configuration options

Use the following options with the `cluster-health` operation.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`index` | Yes | String | The index or indexes you want to assess. 

> `request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Cluster Health API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and pass them as is. 

Author: ```suggestion
`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Cluster Health API. OpenSearch Benchmark does not attempt to serialize the parameters and passes them in their current state. 
```

    }
  },
  "request-params": {
    "_source_include": "some_field",
    "analyze_wildcard": "false"
  }
}
```

### Configuration options

The `search` operation uses the following options.

Parameter | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`index` | No | String | The indexes or data streams targeted by the query. The option is needed only when the `indices` section contains two or more indexes. Otherwise, OpenSearch Benchmark automatically derives the index or data stream to use. Specify `"index": "_all"` to query against all indexes in the workload.
`cache` | No | Boolean | Specifies whether to use the query request cache. OpenSearch Benchmark defines no value. The default depends on the benchmark candidate settings and the OpenSearch version.
`request-params` | No | List of settings | Contains any request parameters allowed by the Search API.
`body` | Yes | Request body | Indicates which query to use and the query parameters.
`detailed-results` | No | Boolean | Records more detailed metadata about queries. When set to `true`, additional overhead may be incurred, which can skew measurement results. The option does not work with `scroll` queries.

> `results-per-page` | No | Integer | Specifies the number of documents to retrieve per page. This maps to the Search API `size` parameter and can be used for scroll and non-scroll searches. Default is 10.

Author: ```suggestion
`results-per-page` | No | Integer | Specifies the number of documents to retrieve per page. This maps to the Search API `size` parameter and can be used for scroll and non-scroll searches. Default is `10`.
```

### Metadata

The following metadata is always returned:

- `weight`:  The “weight” of an operation. Always `1` for regular queries and the number of retrieved pages for scroll queries.
- `unit`: The unit used to interpret weight, which is `ops` for regular queries and `pages` for scroll queries.
- `success`: A Boolean indicating whether the query has succeeded.

If `detailed-results` is set to `true`, the following metadata is also returned:

- `hits`: The total number of hits for this query.
- `hits_relation`: whether hits is accurate (eq) or a lower bound of the actual hit count (gte).

> - `timed_out`: Whether the query has timed out. For scroll queries, this flag is true if the flag was true for any of the queries issued.

Author: ```suggestion
- `timed_out`: Whether the query has timed out. For scroll queries, this flag is `true` if the flag was `true` for any of the queries issued.
```

>  - `took`: The value of the `took` property in the query response. For scroll queries, the value is the sum of all `took` values in the query responses.

Author: ```suggestion
 - `took`: The value of the `took` property in the query response. For scroll queries, the value is the sum of all `took` values in all query responses.
```
